Various doc fix (#91)
conduktor/ctl: README.md

conduktor get application
```

### Template

The `template` command allows you to get an example of a resource definition:
```
$ conduktor template topic                                                                                                                                                       
---
apiVersion: v2
kind: Topic
metadata:
    name: my-topic
    cluster: my-cluster
    labels:
        conduktor.io/application: application-a
        conduktor.io/application-instance: staging
        user-labels: I am a user label
    catalogVisibility: PUBLIC
    descriptionIsEditable: true
    description: This is a topic description
    sqlStorage:
        retentionTimeInSecond: 42
spec:
    partitions: 1
    replicationFactor: 1
    configs:
        cleanup.policy: delete
        retention.ms: '86400000'
```

You can also save the output in a file, in order to edit it before applying it:
```
conduktor template KafkaCluster -o definiton.yml

> conduktor template Topic >> definition.yml   #Appending to a already existinng files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conduktor template Topic >> definition.yml   #Appending to an already existing file
```
